In this dream, the Lord showed me a massive earthquake that was going to happen in America.
It was the New Madrid fault, and this was literally the largest earthquake that had ever happened on the Earth.
Whenever I saw it in my dream, it happened right by the Mississippi River, and it split the Mississippi River and made it bigger.
All the bridges that were on the Mississippi River collapsed, and they were all down.
The Lord showed me things were on fire; it was total devastation.
I could see it went clear down to the New Orleans area and clear up into the Chicago area. It was massive.
As I said, all the bridges fell, so there was no way for semi-trucks to go from east to west.
They brought in these bridges from the Army; they were like floating bridges.
The Army brought them in and put them in all up and down where the highways were, trying to make it so trucks could come in and out for emergencies.
But they couldn't get the trucks from east to west, so they brought in planes.
They flew the food into cities where the semi-trucks couldn't get back and forth, bringing the food in humongous cargo planes so that the food could get throughout all the cities in America.
In another dream, the Lord showed me massive helicopters, Chinook helicopters, and they were flying from the west.
I stood on the back porch in my dream and I could visibly smell fire in the air.
It was so strong; it was like the haze you see from a fire whenever there is a grass fire.
I could hear the helicopters flying low, and they were all coming in lines, in formation.
The helicopters were coming from the West Coast and going to the East Coast.
Where I live is in the central part of America, so you could hear them coming.
They were so loud because there were so many of them at a time, all flying in formation.
There were probably 30 or 40 of them at a time, and it would shake the houses.
I didn't watch TV in the dream, but I knew that it was just like a 9/11 event; it was that big, something that shook America.
Everything was quiet. I could look across at my neighbors, but nobody was outside; they were all inside watching what happened on TV.
Then the Lord took my eyes in the dream to a stone lion's face.
I was asking, 'What is that?'because I saw the stone lion face.
All of a sudden in the dream, He said, 'Look at the Stock Exchange, the New York Stock Exchange.'I didn't know where this lion face was, so I woke up the next day and looked up the Stock Exchange.
On the top of the building, there are lions all along the top, and it was the exact lion.
In the dream, I could see the streets of New York, and they were completely desolate.
I could see tumbleweeds, which was weird because I know there are no tumbleweeds in New York, but I saw them going down the street. It was desolate; there was nobody moving around.
It was completely blank, like the people had all gone and were hiding out, because the whole government and everything was shut down again, kind of like COVID was.
It was really weird. For a long time, those helicopters were going towards the Mississippi area.
Then the Lord showed me another earthquake; it was like an aftershock that happened by the Texarkana area and went clear up to Tulsa, Oklahoma.
I could see that it was probably a magnitude 6 or bigger. But the one that hit the Mississippi Valley area was like a 10.0.
I could see that all the houses built on cinder blocks—houses not on a flat slab—were completely destroyed. In this, 1,800 people died.
The Lord was showing me the people who had perished in the dream where all of the houses were completely leveled and flattened from this massive earthquake.
I don't know why it happens or when it happens; all I know is that I saw this and have prayed over it. I feel that it's about to happen soon.
Like I said, it could happen in the fall, it could happen in the spring, or it could be years from now.
I just see these things; the Lord gives them to me, and I pray over them. It was just something heavy on my heart to share.
If you have seen this or heard of anyone who has, you can comment in the comment section. I appreciate you following me.
I have more things that I want to share, but I want to do it on separate videos for what I feel the Lord has shown me is coming. I really appreciate it. Thank you all very much. Bye-bye.